CONVENTIONS.md, before:

# Life Compass Code Conventions

This document outlines coding conventions to ensure consistency, maintainability, and clarity. These rules should be strictly followed when developing the project, including when using AI-assisted tools like Aider.

## General Coding Principles

- Follow the SOLID principles (Single Responsibility, Open-Closed, Liskov Substitution, Interface Segregation, Dependency Inversion).
- Follow DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) and KISS (Keep It Simple, Stupid) principles.
- Use modular, reusable components to avoid redundant code.
- Use functional components in React with TypeScript.

## File and Folder Structure

life_compass/
│── src/
│ ├── components/ # Reusable UI components
│ ├── pages/ # Page-specific components
│ ├── utils/ # Helper functions and utilities
│ ├── hooks/ # Custom React hooks (if applicable)
│ ├── state/ # Zustand/Redux/Context API state management
│ ├── assets/ # Images, icons, styles
│ ├── tests/ # Unit and integration tests

- Keep business logic separate from UI components (no direct API calls inside components).
- Use named exports for all utility functions and services.

## Naming Conventions

- Functions and variables: camelCase (handleClick, fetchData)
- Components and classes: PascalCase (LifeCompassChart, RatingInput)
- Constants and enums: UPPER_CASE (DEFAULT_LANGUAGE, MAX_SCORE)
- File names: Use dash-separated lowercase (life-compass-chart.tsx)
- Tests: Use _.test.tsx or _.spec.tsx for test files

## TypeScript Conventions

- Always define types explicitly for components and functions.
- Use interfaces instead of types where possible.
- Example:
  interface User {
  id: number;
  name: string;
  }

## State Management Strategy

- Use lightweight state management (React Context API or Zustand).
- Persist data in Local Storage as structured JSON.
- Encapsulate state management in dedicated services (storageService.ts).

## Security and Privacy

- All user data remains in Local Storage (no backend storage).
- Warn users before overwriting or deleting data.
- Encrypt sensitive data before storing it.

## UI and UX Best Practices

- Mobile-first design with responsive scaling.
- Keep UI components consistent (use Tailwind CSS for styling).
- Follow WCAG 2.1 for accessibility (contrast, keyboard navigation, aria-labels).

## Styling & Tailwind CSS Conventions

- Use utility-first approach, avoid unnecessary custom CSS.
- Example:
  <button className="bg-blue-500 text-white px-4 py-2 rounded-lg">
  Click me
  </button>

## Routing (React Router)

- Define routes in App.tsx, follow nested routing where needed.

## Performance and Optimization

- Minimize re-renders (use useMemo, useCallback when needed).
- Lazy load charts and reports to improve performance.
- Cache language files instead of loading them repeatedly.

## Testing Best Practices

- Write testable code.
- Write unit tests.

## AI-Assisted Development

- Any AI-generated code must strictly follow these conventions.
- If in doubt, ask before assuming structure.

Commit message:

Decide on design principles (#4)
* Update README to reflect completion of deployment tasks

* docs: refine user story 1.1 for life compass creation

* First refinement iteration of 1.1

* docs: refine design principles and acceptance criteria in US 5.1

* docs: refine design principles and questions in user story 5.1

* docs: add design tokens and responsive breakpoints questions

* docs: update design principles in user story 5.1 with suggestions for design tokens and responsive breakpoints

* docs: add guidelines for interactive states in design principles document

* docs: clarify inclusion of interactive states guidelines in design principles

* docs: add design principles for user story 5.1

* feat: add design tokens file for user story 5.1

* feat: add design principles demo page using design tokens

* feat: add design principles demo route to App.tsx

* fix: update App layout classes for proper styling

* feat: add dark mode toggle and extra demo components

* feat: add callout, warning, and hover info examples

* feat: add design tokens for callouts and tooltip

* fix: use designTokens in demo page instead of local definitions

* fix: update input text contrast in tokens, component and docs

* feat: apply design tokens to HomePage for improved styling

* feat: add progress bar, spinner, dropdown, checkbox, and handle demos

* docs: update conventions to prioritize designTokens for consistency

* refactor: update demo styling to use design tokens

* feat: add slider and typography examples to demo page

* refactor: improve code formatting and consistency across components

* docs: update conventions to emphasize the use of design tokens for consistency

* docs: mark User Story 5.1 as completed in the roadmap

CONVENTIONS.md, after:

# Life Compass Code Conventions

This document outlines coding conventions to ensure consistency, maintainability, and clarity. These rules should be strictly followed when developing the project, including when using AI-assisted tools like Aider.

## General Coding Principles

- Follow the SOLID principles (Single Responsibility, Open-Closed, Liskov Substitution, Interface Segregation, Dependency Inversion).
- Follow DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) and KISS (Keep It Simple, Stupid) principles.
- Use modular, reusable components to avoid redundant code.
- Use functional components in React with TypeScript.

## File and Folder Structure

life_compass/
│── src/
│ ├── components/ # Reusable UI components
│ ├── pages/ # Page-specific components
│ ├── utils/ # Helper functions and utilities
│ ├── hooks/ # Custom React hooks (if applicable)
│ ├── state/ # Zustand/Redux/Context API state management
│ ├── assets/ # Images, icons, styles
│ ├── tests/ # Unit and integration tests

- Keep business logic separate from UI components (no direct API calls inside components).
- Use named exports for all utility functions and services.

## Naming Conventions

- Functions and variables: camelCase (handleClick, fetchData)
- Components and classes: PascalCase (LifeCompassChart, RatingInput)
- Constants and enums: UPPER_CASE (DEFAULT_LANGUAGE, MAX_SCORE)
- File names: Use dash-separated lowercase (life-compass-chart.tsx)
- Tests: Use _.test.tsx or _.spec.tsx for test files

## TypeScript Conventions

- Always define types explicitly for components and functions.
- Use interfaces instead of types where possible.
- Example:
  interface User {
  id: number;
  name: string;
  }

## State Management Strategy

- Use lightweight state management (React Context API or Zustand).
- Persist data in Local Storage as structured JSON.
- Encapsulate state management in dedicated services (storageService.ts).

## Security and Privacy

- All user data remains in Local Storage (no backend storage).
- Warn users before overwriting or deleting data.
- Encrypt sensitive data before storing it.

## UI and UX Best Practices

- Mobile-first design with responsive scaling.
- Keep UI components consistent (use Tailwind CSS for styling).
- Follow WCAG 2.1 for accessibility (contrast, keyboard navigation, aria-labels).

## Styling & Tailwind CSS Conventions

- Use utility-first approach, avoid unnecessary custom CSS.
- Use src/designTokens.ts as much as possible instead of local definitions to ensure consistent design across the app.

## Routing (React Router)

- Define routes in App.tsx, follow nested routing where needed.

## Performance and Optimization

- Minimize re-renders (use useMemo, useCallback when needed).
- Lazy load charts and reports to improve performance.
- Cache language files instead of loading them repeatedly.

## Testing Best Practices

- Write testable code.
- Write unit tests.

## AI-Assisted Development

- Any AI-generated code must strictly follow these conventions.
- If in doubt, ask before assuming structure.
