README.md, before:

# Life Compass

[![CI/CD](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/ci_cd.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/ci_cd.yml)
[![Deploy](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)
[![Lint](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/lint.yml)
[![Vulnerability Scan](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/vuln-scan.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/vuln-scan.yml)

Live App: [https://mandakan.github.io/life-compass/](https://mandakan.github.io/life-compass/)

This project aims to develop a web-based application that helps users reflect on their life balance through a tool called **Life Compass**. The application will allow users to identify and evaluate important life areas, set goals, and track their progress over time.

## AI-Assisted Development

This project is being developed in collaboration with AI-assisted tools. A key aspect of this project is to **explore the potential of AI in software development**, including decision-making, structuring, and implementation details.

### AI's Role in the Project

- **AI will make many decisions**: From technical choices to architecture and implementation details, AI-generated suggestions will often be accepted.
- **Experimentation over perfection**: The project is not purely about producing the most optimized code, but about testing AI capabilities in real-world development.
- **Guided by conventions**: While AI is given freedom, structured conventions are in place to maintain coherence.

This means that the code and structure **may not always follow traditional best practices** but instead reflect an evolving collaboration between human input and AI-generated development.

---

## Life Compass - Concept and Methodology

The Life Compass is a tool for **self-reflection and personal sustainability**. It helps users evaluate different aspects of their lives, identify imbalances, and create action plans for improvement.

### How the Life Compass Works

1. **Define Life Areas**  
   The user defines key life areas (e.g., Health, Career, Relationships, Personal Development).

2. **Rate Importance and Satisfaction**  
   Each life area is rated on a scale from **1 to 10** for:

   - **Importance**: How important is this aspect of life?
   - **Satisfaction**: How satisfied is the user with their current situation?

3. **Analyze Gaps and Prioritize**  
   The difference between **importance and satisfaction** reveals areas of imbalance.

   - Large gaps indicate areas that may need more attention.
   - Small gaps suggest a balanced or fulfilled aspect of life.

4. **Set Goals and Take Action**  
   The user creates goals and action steps to improve specific life areas.

   - Goals should be clear, actionable, and measurable.

5. **Track Progress Over Time**  
   Regular check-ins help the user track improvements and adjust their strategies.

### Why Use the Life Compass?

- Provides a **structured self-assessment** without requiring professional coaching.
- Helps identify **hidden stress factors** and areas of life needing more focus.
- Encourages **intentional goal setting** based on real priorities.
- Creates a **visual representation** of life balance for better understanding.

This methodology serves as the foundation for the Life Compass application, guiding the features and structure of this project.

---

## 📌 Epics and User Stories

- [Epics](epics/)
- [User Stories](user_stories/)

See each file for detailed information on requirements and implementation.

---

# 🚀 Roadmap & Development Phases

This roadmap outlines the different development phases of the Life Compass project. The app will be built iteratively, ensuring a structured approach to implementation.

## 🌟 Phase 1: Foundation & Technical Setup

> Goal: Establish a strong foundation for the project, ensuring clear technical principles and structure.

✅ **Technical Architecture & Code Structure**

- [x] User Story 6.1: Define Tech Stack and Frameworks
- [x] User Story 6.5: Use a Modular Code Structure

✅ **Data Management**

- [x] User Story 6.2: Implement Local Storage for Data Persistence
- [ ] User Story 6.3: Encrypt Sensitive Data in Local Storage (optional)

✅ **Development Environment & Tooling**

- [x] User Story 7.6: Integrate Testing in CI/CD Pipeline

## 🌟 Phase 2: Core Life Compass Functionality (MVP 1)

> Goal: Implement the fundamental features required to create and manage a Life Compass.

✅ **Core Features**

- [x] User Story 1.1: Create Life Compass
- [x] User Story 1.2: Customize Life Areas
- [x] User Story 1.3: Rate Life Areas
- [x] User Story 1.4: Visualize Life Compass
- [x] User Story 1.5: Save and Load Life Compass
- [x] User Story 1.6: Reset Life Compass

✅ **UI/UX**

- [x] User Story 5.1: Define Design Principles
- [x] User Story 5.2: Implement Mobile-First Layout

✅ **Deployment**

- [x] User Story 10.1: Automate deployment to GitHub Pages
- [x] User Story 10.2: Configure Vite for GitHub Pages

## 🌟 Phase 3: Enhanced Functionality & Additional Features

> Goal: Elevate the application with advanced features including improved navigation, onboarding, sorting, dark mode support, and robust export/import capabilities with appropriate warnings.

### UI Enhancements

- [ ] User Story 5.4: Optimize Navigation and Usability
- [x] User Story 5.6: Dark Mode Support

### Additional Life Compass Features

- [ ] User Story 1.7: Onboarding Tutorial
- [ ] User Story 2.2: Sort Life Areas by Gap

### Data Export/Import & Warnings

- [x] User Story 9.1: Export JSON
- [x] User Story 9.4: Import JSON
- [ ] User Story 9.5: Warn on Overwrite

## 🌟 Phase 4: Internationalization & Localization

> Goal: Ensure the Life Compass is accessible to a global audience by implementing robust internationalization (i18n) support and dynamic language features.

### Key Features & User Stories

- [x] User Story 8.1: Define Translation Structure
- [x] User Story 8.2: Implement Language Switcher
- [x] User Story 8.10: Crowdsourced Translation Review
- [x] User Story 8.11: Export/Import Translations
- [ ] User Story 8.5: Dynamic Language Loading
- [ ] User Story 8.6: Automatic Translation
- [ ] User Story 8.8: User Feedback on Translations

## 🌟 Phase 5: Automated Testing & Quality Assurance

> Goal: Establish robust testing frameworks and processes to ensure continuous stability and regression prevention through comprehensive automated tests.

✅ **Testing Automation**

- [x] User Story 7.10: Implement Automated End-to-End Tests

---

## Currently Implemented Features

Based on the analysis of the code base, the following features have been implemented:

- Life Compass creation and management through the main page (CreateLifeCompass).
- Customization of life areas, including adding, editing, and reordering.
- Rating functionality for life areas using interactive sliders.
- Visual representation of life area ratings through components like the Radar Chart.
- Data persistence with save and load capabilities via localStorage.
- Reset functionality to clear the current Life Compass.
- Export of life compass data to JSON format.
- Import of life compass data from JSON files, complete with preview and validation.
- Multi-language support facilitated by the LanguageSwitcher component and i18next integration.
- Adaptive theming, including dark mode support, managed through the ThemeContext.
- Responsive design with both desktop and mobile navigation components.
- Automated end-to-end tests to validate navigation between pages and component integration.

---

## 🔧 Deployment Configuration for GitHub Pages

To deploy the Life Compass application on GitHub Pages without breaking routes or asset loading, the Vite configuration is set to use a dynamic base path. In production builds, the application uses the base path specified by the environment variable GH_PAGES_BASE. For example, if your repository is deployed under "/life-compass/", ensure that GH_PAGES_BASE is set accordingly before building the project. For local development the base path remains as '/'.

Instructions:

1. For local development, no additional configuration is needed.
2. For production build (GitHub Pages deployment), set the environment variable:

   On Linux/Mac:
   export GH_PAGES_BASE=/life-compass/

   On Windows (Command Prompt):
   set GH_PAGES_BASE=/life-compass/

3. Build the project:
   npm run build

4. Deploy the contents of the build folder to GitHub Pages.

---

## 🔧 Development Guidelines

To ensure maintainability and efficiency while using AI-assisted tools like Aider, follow these **core principles**:

## 🏗️ **Architecture & Code Structure**

✅ **Follow SOLID Principles**

- **Single Responsibility Principle (SRP)**: Each component or module should have only **one reason to change**.
- **Open-Closed Principle (OCP)**: Code should be **extendable** without modifying existing logic.
- **Liskov Substitution Principle (LSP)**: Avoid deep class inheritance—favor composition over inheritance.
- **Interface Segregation Principle (ISP)**: Avoid "fat interfaces"; use smaller, more specific interfaces.
- **Dependency Inversion Principle (DIP)**: Rely on **abstractions rather than concrete implementations**.

✅ **Modular Design**

- **Component-based architecture**: UI elements should be reusable across different views.
- **Separation of Concerns (SoC)**: Keep **business logic separate** from UI and state management.

✅ **File & Folder Structure**

```
life_compass/
│── src/
│   ├── components/  # Reusable UI components
│   ├── pages/       # Page-specific components
│   ├── utils/       # Helper functions & utilities
│   ├── hooks/       # Custom React hooks (if applicable)
│   ├── state/       # Zustand/Redux/Context API state management
│   ├── assets/      # Images, icons, styles
│   ├── tests/       # Unit & integration tests
```

✅ **Naming Conventions**

- **Functions & Variables**: Use `camelCase` (`handleClick`, `fetchData`).
- **Components**: Use `PascalCase` (`LifeCompassChart`, `RatingInput`).
- **Constants & Enums**: Use `UPPER_CASE` (`DEFAULT_LANGUAGE`, `MAX_SCORE`).

## 🏗️ **State Management Strategy**

✅ **Use Local Storage for persistence**

- Store structured JSON objects, not raw strings.
- Avoid excessive writes to prevent performance issues.

✅ **Favor lightweight state management**

- Use **React Context API, Zustand, or similar** instead of complex global stores (Redux).
- Minimize re-renders by structuring state updates efficiently.

✅ **Data Flow & API Abstraction**

- Encapsulate Local Storage interactions within utility functions (`storageService.ts`).
- Prepare for potential backend integration by **abstracting data handling**.

## 🔐 **Security & Privacy Guidelines**

✅ **Ensure user data privacy**

- No backend means **all data is stored locally**—users must have control over their data.
- Encrypt sensitive user data (e.g., goals, personal reflections) **before storing** it in Local Storage.

✅ **Warn users before deleting or overwriting data**

- Show a confirmation dialog before **overwriting imported data**.
- Implement **automatic backups before major actions** (see User Story 9.7).

✅ **Implement Content Security Policy (CSP)**

- Restrict external scripts to prevent XSS attacks.
- Validate imported JSON files before applying changes.

## 🚀 **Performance & Optimization**

✅ **Minimize render blocking operations**

- Use **lazy loading** for charts, reports, and heavy components.
- Keep the **initial render lightweight**—defer loading non-essential data.

✅ **Optimize for Mobile Performance**

- **Avoid heavy animations**—prefer CSS transitions over JS-based motion libraries.
- **Reduce reflows and repaints**—structure UI elements efficiently.

✅ **Cache & Optimize Language Loading**

- **Load only the active language file** instead of bundling all translations at once.
- **Use caching** to minimize redundant translation requests (see User Story 8.7).

---

📌 **Next Steps:** Pick a phase and start implementing the listed user stories. Happy coding! 🚀

---

## License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**.  
See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## Resources

For more information about the concepts, tools, and methodologies used in this project, refer to the following resources:

### Life Compass and Self-Reflection

- [Acceptance and Commitment Therapy for Stress Management](https://www.livskompass.se/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/Granberg_Westin_Psykologexamensuppsats_2012-1.pdf)  
  _A study on how the Life Compass is used as a tool for managing stress and promoting mental well-being among young people._

### AI-Assisted Development and Aider

- [Aider: AI-Powered Code Collaboration](https://aider.chat/)  
  _Aider is an AI-driven tool for pair programming directly in the terminal, integrated with your local Git repository._

### Open Source and Contribution Guidelines

- [MIT License Overview](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)  
  _Details about the MIT license used in this project._

- [How to Contribute to Open Source Projects](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/)  
  _A guide to understanding how to contribute to open source projects._

These resources provide additional context and insights into the methodologies and technologies influencing this project.

Commit message:

Add support section with "Buy Me a Coffee" badge and additional resources (#33)

README.md, after:

# Life Compass

[![CI/CD](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/ci_cd.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/ci_cd.yml)
[![Deploy](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)
[![Lint](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/lint.yml)
[![Vulnerability Scan](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/vuln-scan.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/mandakan/life-compass/actions/workflows/vuln-scan.yml)
[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-Support%20the%20Project-orange)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/thias)

Live App: [https://mandakan.github.io/life-compass/](https://mandakan.github.io/life-compass/)

This project aims to develop a web-based application that helps users reflect on their life balance through a tool called **Life Compass**. The application will allow users to identify and evaluate important life areas, set goals, and track their progress over time.

## AI-Assisted Development

This project is being developed in collaboration with AI-assisted tools. A key aspect of this project is to **explore the potential of AI in software development**, including decision-making, structuring, and implementation details.

### AI's Role in the Project

- **AI will make many decisions**: From technical choices to architecture and implementation details, AI-generated suggestions will often be accepted.
- **Experimentation over perfection**: The project is not purely about producing the most optimized code, but about testing AI capabilities in real-world development.
- **Guided by conventions**: While AI is given freedom, structured conventions are in place to maintain coherence.

This means that the code and structure **may not always follow traditional best practices** but instead reflect an evolving collaboration between human input and AI-generated development.

---

## Life Compass - Concept and Methodology

The source and inspiration for this app is: https://kbtiprimarvarden.se/behandling/kbt-manualer/primarvardsanpassad-kbt-vid-depression/modul-varderingar/

The Life Compass is a tool for **self-reflection and personal sustainability**. It helps users evaluate different aspects of their lives, identify imbalances, and create action plans for improvement.

### How the Life Compass Works

1. **Define Life Areas**  
   The user defines key life areas (e.g., Health, Career, Relationships, Personal Development).

2. **Rate Importance and Satisfaction**  
   Each life area is rated on a scale from **1 to 10** for:

   - **Importance**: How important is this aspect of life?
   - **Satisfaction**: How satisfied is the user with their current situation?

3. **Analyze Gaps and Prioritize**  
   The difference between **importance and satisfaction** reveals areas of imbalance.

   - Large gaps indicate areas that may need more attention.
   - Small gaps suggest a balanced or fulfilled aspect of life.

4. **Set Goals and Take Action**  
   The user creates goals and action steps to improve specific life areas.

   - Goals should be clear, actionable, and measurable.

5. **Track Progress Over Time**  
   Regular check-ins help the user track improvements and adjust their strategies.

### Why Use the Life Compass?

- Provides a **structured self-assessment** without requiring professional coaching.
- Helps identify **hidden stress factors** and areas of life needing more focus.
- Encourages **intentional goal setting** based on real priorities.
- Creates a **visual representation** of life balance for better understanding.

This methodology serves as the foundation for the Life Compass application, guiding the features and structure of this project.

---

## 📌 Epics and User Stories

- [Epics](epics/)
- [User Stories](user_stories/)

See each file for detailed information on requirements and implementation.

---

# 🚀 Roadmap & Development Phases

This roadmap outlines the different development phases of the Life Compass project. The app will be built iteratively, ensuring a structured approach to implementation.

## 🌟 Phase 1: Foundation & Technical Setup

> Goal: Establish a strong foundation for the project, ensuring clear technical principles and structure.

✅ **Technical Architecture & Code Structure**

- [x] User Story 6.1: Define Tech Stack and Frameworks
- [x] User Story 6.5: Use a Modular Code Structure

✅ **Data Management**

- [x] User Story 6.2: Implement Local Storage for Data Persistence
- [ ] User Story 6.3: Encrypt Sensitive Data in Local Storage (optional)

✅ **Development Environment & Tooling**

- [x] User Story 7.6: Integrate Testing in CI/CD Pipeline

## 🌟 Phase 2: Core Life Compass Functionality (MVP 1)

> Goal: Implement the fundamental features required to create and manage a Life Compass.

✅ **Core Features**

- [x] User Story 1.1: Create Life Compass
- [x] User Story 1.2: Customize Life Areas
- [x] User Story 1.3: Rate Life Areas
- [x] User Story 1.4: Visualize Life Compass
- [x] User Story 1.5: Save and Load Life Compass
- [x] User Story 1.6: Reset Life Compass

✅ **UI/UX**

- [x] User Story 5.1: Define Design Principles
- [x] User Story 5.2: Implement Mobile-First Layout

✅ **Deployment**

- [x] User Story 10.1: Automate deployment to GitHub Pages
- [x] User Story 10.2: Configure Vite for GitHub Pages

## 🌟 Phase 3: Enhanced Functionality & Additional Features

> Goal: Elevate the application with advanced features including improved navigation, onboarding, sorting, dark mode support, and robust export/import capabilities with appropriate warnings.

### UI Enhancements

- [ ] User Story 5.4: Optimize Navigation and Usability
- [x] User Story 5.6: Dark Mode Support

### Additional Life Compass Features

- [ ] User Story 1.7: Onboarding Tutorial
- [ ] User Story 2.2: Sort Life Areas by Gap

### Data Export/Import & Warnings

- [x] User Story 9.1: Export JSON
- [x] User Story 9.4: Import JSON
- [ ] User Story 9.5: Warn on Overwrite

## 🌟 Phase 4: Internationalization & Localization

> Goal: Ensure the Life Compass is accessible to a global audience by implementing robust internationalization (i18n) support and dynamic language features.

### Key Features & User Stories

- [x] User Story 8.1: Define Translation Structure
- [x] User Story 8.2: Implement Language Switcher
- [x] User Story 8.10: Crowdsourced Translation Review
- [x] User Story 8.11: Export/Import Translations
- [ ] User Story 8.5: Dynamic Language Loading
- [ ] User Story 8.6: Automatic Translation
- [ ] User Story 8.8: User Feedback on Translations

## 🌟 Phase 5: Automated Testing & Quality Assurance

> Goal: Establish robust testing frameworks and processes to ensure continuous stability and regression prevention through comprehensive automated tests.

✅ **Testing Automation**

- [x] User Story 7.10: Implement Automated End-to-End Tests

---

## Currently Implemented Features

Based on the analysis of the code base, the following features have been implemented:

- Life Compass creation and management through the main page (CreateLifeCompass).
- Customization of life areas, including adding, editing, and reordering.
- Rating functionality for life areas using interactive sliders.
- Visual representation of life area ratings through components like the Radar Chart.
- Data persistence with save and load capabilities via localStorage.
- Reset functionality to clear the current Life Compass.
- Export of life compass data to JSON format.
- Import of life compass data from JSON files, complete with preview and validation.
- Multi-language support facilitated by the LanguageSwitcher component and i18next integration.
- Adaptive theming, including dark mode support, managed through the ThemeContext.
- Responsive design with both desktop and mobile navigation components.
- Automated end-to-end tests to validate navigation between pages and component integration.

---

## 🔧 Deployment Configuration for GitHub Pages

To deploy the Life Compass application on GitHub Pages without breaking routes or asset loading, the Vite configuration is set to use a dynamic base path. In production builds, the application uses the base path specified by the environment variable GH_PAGES_BASE. For example, if your repository is deployed under "/life-compass/", ensure that GH_PAGES_BASE is set accordingly before building the project. For local development the base path remains as '/'.

Instructions:

1. For local development, no additional configuration is needed.
2. For production build (GitHub Pages deployment), set the environment variable:

   On Linux/Mac:
   export GH_PAGES_BASE=/life-compass/

   On Windows (Command Prompt):
   set GH_PAGES_BASE=/life-compass/

3. Build the project:
   npm run build

4. Deploy the contents of the build folder to GitHub Pages.

---

## 🔧 Development Guidelines

To ensure maintainability and efficiency while using AI-assisted tools like Aider, follow these **core principles**:

## 🏗️ **Architecture & Code Structure**

✅ **Follow SOLID Principles**

- **Single Responsibility Principle (SRP)**: Each component or module should have only **one reason to change**.
- **Open-Closed Principle (OCP)**: Code should be **extendable** without modifying existing logic.
- **Liskov Substitution Principle (LSP)**: Avoid deep class inheritance—favor composition over inheritance.
- **Interface Segregation Principle (ISP)**: Avoid "fat interfaces"; use smaller, more specific interfaces.
- **Dependency Inversion Principle (DIP)**: Rely on **abstractions rather than concrete implementations**.

✅ **Modular Design**

- **Component-based architecture**: UI elements should be reusable across different views.
- **Separation of Concerns (SoC)**: Keep **business logic separate** from UI and state management.

✅ **File & Folder Structure**

```
life_compass/
│── src/
│   ├── components/  # Reusable UI components
│   ├── pages/       # Page-specific components
│   ├── utils/       # Helper functions & utilities
│   ├── hooks/       # Custom React hooks (if applicable)
│   ├── state/       # Zustand/Redux/Context API state management
│   ├── assets/      # Images, icons, styles
│   ├── tests/       # Unit & integration tests
```

✅ **Naming Conventions**

- **Functions & Variables**: Use `camelCase` (`handleClick`, `fetchData`).
- **Components**: Use `PascalCase` (`LifeCompassChart`, `RatingInput`).
- **Constants & Enums**: Use `UPPER_CASE` (`DEFAULT_LANGUAGE`, `MAX_SCORE`).

## 🏗️ **State Management Strategy**

✅ **Use Local Storage for persistence**

- Store structured JSON objects, not raw strings.
- Avoid excessive writes to prevent performance issues.

✅ **Favor lightweight state management**

- Use **React Context API, Zustand, or similar** instead of complex global stores (Redux).
- Minimize re-renders by structuring state updates efficiently.

✅ **Data Flow & API Abstraction**

- Encapsulate Local Storage interactions within utility functions (`storageService.ts`).
- Prepare for potential backend integration by **abstracting data handling**.

## 🔐 **Security & Privacy Guidelines**

✅ **Ensure user data privacy**

- No backend means **all data is stored locally**—users must have control over their data.
- Encrypt sensitive user data (e.g., goals, personal reflections) **before storing** it in Local Storage.

✅ **Warn users before deleting or overwriting data**

- Show a confirmation dialog before **overwriting imported data**.
- Implement **automatic backups before major actions** (see User Story 9.7).

✅ **Implement Content Security Policy (CSP)**

- Restrict external scripts to prevent XSS attacks.
- Validate imported JSON files before applying changes.

## 🚀 **Performance & Optimization**

✅ **Minimize render blocking operations**

- Use **lazy loading** for charts, reports, and heavy components.
- Keep the **initial render lightweight**—defer loading non-essential data.

✅ **Optimize for Mobile Performance**

- **Avoid heavy animations**—prefer CSS transitions over JS-based motion libraries.
- **Reduce reflows and repaints**—structure UI elements efficiently.

✅ **Cache & Optimize Language Loading**

- **Load only the active language file** instead of bundling all translations at once.
- **Use caching** to minimize redundant translation requests (see User Story 8.7).

---

📌 **Next Steps:** Pick a phase and start implementing the listed user stories. Happy coding! 🚀

---

## License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**.  
See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## Resources

For more information about the concepts, tools, and methodologies used in this project, refer to the following resources:

### Life Compass and values (in Swedish)
- [KBT i Primärvården: Modul 4 – Värderingar](https://kbtiprimarvarden.se/behandling/kbt-manualer/primarvardsanpassad-kbt-vid-depression/modul-varderingar/)  
_The “Life Compass” is a therapeutic tool used in cognitive behavioral therapy to help patients identify and articulate their core life values across various domains, facilitating alignment of their actions with these values to enhance behavioral activation._

### Life Compass and Self-Reflection

- [Acceptance and Commitment Therapy for Stress Management](https://www.livskompass.se/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/Granberg_Westin_Psykologexamensuppsats_2012-1.pdf)   
  _A study on how the Life Compass is used as a tool for managing stress and promoting mental well-being among young people._

### AI-Assisted Development and Aider

- [Aider: AI-Powered Code Collaboration](https://aider.chat/)  
  _Aider is an AI-driven tool for pair programming directly in the terminal, integrated with your local Git repository._

### Open Source and Contribution Guidelines

- [MIT License Overview](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)  
  _Details about the MIT license used in this project._

- [How to Contribute to Open Source Projects](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/)  
  _A guide to understanding how to contribute to open source projects._

These resources provide additional context and insights into the methodologies and technologies influencing this project.

---

## Support the Project

If you find this project useful, you can support it here:

[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-Support%20the%20Project-orange)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/thias)
