user_stories/user_story_1_4_visualize_life_compass.md, before:

---
title: 'Visualize Life Compass'
type: 'user_story'
status: 'draft'
priority: 'Must'
---

# Visualize Life Compass

## 📌 Description

The user should see a dynamic and intuitive graphical representation of their Life Compass based on the input ratings. The visualization should effectively communicate the balance and gaps between various life areas, enabling users to quickly assess their strengths and areas for improvement.

## ✅ Acceptance Criteria

- A radar chart dynamically updates as the user changes ratings.
- The visualization is responsive and adapts to different screen sizes.
- The chart includes hover or focus states to display additional details about each data point.
- Users can toggle between graphical and textual representations.
- The visualization gracefully handles cases when data is incomplete or unavailable.

## 🎯 Definition of Done

- All acceptance criteria are met.
- Users can export the current visualization as an image or PDF.
- Comprehensive testing has been completed, including accessibility and responsiveness tests.
- Feedback from usability testing is incorporated to ensure clarity and intuitiveness.

## ❓ Refinement Questions

- Should we offer alternative visualization options (e.g., bar chart, line graph) to complement the radar chart? Not at this point but maybe later. Keep this in mind.
- How should the visualization adapt for users with color vision deficiencies or other visual impairments? (e.g., use of color adjustments or patterns). According to accessability best practices.
- What level of detail should be shown when a user hovers over or focuses on a specific data point in the radar chart? Importance, satisfaction and detail.
- In scenarios with incomplete data, what fallback visualization or messaging should be displayed? Something simple.
- What performance considerations should be taken into account for real-time updates, especially on lower-powered devices? None at this point.
- Should the exported image or PDF include additional contextual information (e.g., legends, annotations)? Yes please.

Commit message:

docs: refine Life Compass visualization details and accessibility guidelines

user_stories/user_story_1_4_visualize_life_compass.md, after:

---
title: 'Visualize Life Compass'
type: 'user_story'
status: 'draft'
priority: 'Must'
---

# Visualize Life Compass

## 📌 Description

The user should see a dynamic and intuitive graphical representation of their Life Compass based on the input ratings. The visualization should effectively communicate the balance and gaps between various life areas, enabling users to quickly assess their strengths and areas for improvement.

## ✅ Acceptance Criteria

- A radar chart dynamically updates as the user changes ratings.
- The visualization is responsive and adapts to different screen sizes.
- The chart includes hover or focus states to display additional details about each data point.
- Users can toggle between graphical and textual representations.
- The visualization gracefully handles cases when data is incomplete or unavailable.

## 🎯 Definition of Done

- All acceptance criteria are met.
- Users can export the current visualization as an image or PDF.
- Comprehensive testing has been completed, including accessibility and responsiveness tests.
- Feedback from usability testing is incorporated to ensure clarity and intuitiveness.

## ❓ Refinement Questions

- Should we offer alternative visualization options (e.g., bar chart, line graph) to complement the radar chart? Not at this point but maybe later. Keep this in mind.
- How should the visualization adapt for users with color vision deficiencies or other visual impairments? Use WCAG guidelines to ensure high contrast and consider alternative patterns or text labels, in addition to color adjustments.
- What level of detail should be shown when a user hovers over or focuses on a specific data point in the radar chart? Display the importance, satisfaction, and additional detail for that area.
- In scenarios with incomplete data, what fallback visualization or messaging should be displayed? Show a clear notification informing the user that data for some areas is incomplete and prompt them to enter missing information.
- What performance considerations should be taken into account for real-time updates, especially on lower-powered devices? None at this point, but monitor performance during early testing and optimize if necessary.
- Should the exported image or PDF include additional contextual information (e.g., legends, annotations)? Yes, include legends and annotations to provide full context.
