user_stories/user_story_5_6_dark_mode_support.md, before:

---
title: 'Implement Dark Mode'
type: 'user_story'
status: 'draft'
priority: 'Should'
---

# Implement Dark Mode

## 📌 Description

Users should be able to switch between light and dark mode to improve visual comfort. The dark mode implementation should adhere to our design principles while ensuring accessibility and visual consistency. The application should also automatically detect the system's preferred mode on initial load, with the option for users to override this setting through a toggle in the settings menu.

## ✅ Acceptance Criteria

- The UI provides an option to manually toggle between light and dark mode.
- The application detects the system's preferred color scheme on initial load and applies the appropriate theme.
- Dark mode styles adhere to our established design principles, including accessibility considerations like contrast ratios.
- The theme switch occurs seamlessly without interfering with the user experience.
- User preference for theme selection persists across sessions.

## 🎯 Definition of Done

- A settings menu is provided where users can switch between light and dark mode.
- On application load, the system's color scheme is detected and applied.
- All UI components support both light and dark themes consistently.
- Comprehensive testing (unit and integration) is performed to ensure theme switching works as expected.

## ❓ Refinement Questions

- Should dark mode be implemented as a complete overhaul of the UI styles or should it primarily invert the existing colors with adjustments for contrast?
- How should the application handle cases where the system setting changes while the app is running? Should there be a real-time update or only on next load?
- What level of customization should be available for users? For example, should we offer an option to follow the system setting or to force a specific theme at all times?
- How do we ensure that user-selected theme preferences are stored securely and retrieved reliably on subsequent visits?
- Are there any additional accessibility considerations or specific contrast ratio thresholds we need to meet in dark mode?
- Should we allow scheduled theme changes based on user-defined time ranges (e.g., automatically switching to dark mode at sunset)?
- How should design tokens and component styles be structured to support theme switches efficiently across the application?

Commit message:

refine dark mode user story 5.6 with detailed implementation considerations and accessibility guidelines

user_stories/user_story_5_6_dark_mode_support.md, after:

---
title: 'Implement Dark Mode'
type: 'user_story'
status: 'draft'
priority: 'Should'
---

# Implement Dark Mode

## 📌 Description

Users should be able to switch between light and dark mode to improve visual comfort. The dark mode implementation should adhere to our design principles while ensuring accessibility and visual consistency. The application should also automatically detect the system's preferred mode on initial load, with the option for users to override this setting through a toggle in the settings menu.

## ✅ Acceptance Criteria

- The UI provides an option to manually toggle between light and dark mode.
- The application detects the system's preferred color scheme on initial load and applies the appropriate theme.
- Dark mode styles adhere to our established design principles, including accessibility considerations like contrast ratios.
- The theme switch occurs seamlessly without interfering with the user experience.
- User preference for theme selection persists across sessions.

## 🎯 Definition of Done

- A settings menu is provided where users can switch between light and dark mode.
- On application load, the system's color scheme is detected and applied.
- All UI components support both light and dark themes consistently.
- Comprehensive testing (unit and integration) is performed to ensure theme switching works as expected.

## ❓ Refinement Questions

- Should dark mode be implemented as a complete overhaul of the UI styles or should it primarily invert the existing colors with adjustments for contrast? Use the current light theme and do a complete overhaul of all styles related to the defult/light theme. Keep in mind that we want to add high-contrast themes later on.
- How should the application handle cases where the system setting changes while the app is running? Should there be a real-time update or only on next load? It would be neat with real-time update according to the system settings.
- What level of customization should be available for users? For example, should we offer an option to follow the system setting or to force a specific theme at all times? We should offer an option to follow the system settings. This setting can be stored in local storage.
- How do we ensure that user-selected theme preferences are stored securely and retrieved reliably on subsequent visits? Use local storage if it is best-practice.
- Are there any additional accessibility considerations or specific contrast ratio thresholds we need to meet in dark mode? Follow accessibility guidelines as decided in CONVENTIONS.md and design_principles.md
- Should we allow scheduled theme changes based on user-defined time ranges (e.g., automatically switching to dark mode at sunset)? No
- How should design tokens and component styles be structured to support theme switches efficiently across the application? Design tokens should be defined using CSS variables (--color-bg, --color-text, etc.) at the :root level, with theme-specific overrides applied via [data-theme="dark"], [data-theme="high-contrast"], etc. Tailwind should reference these variables in tailwind.config.js (colors: { primary: "var(--color-primary)" }) to ensure dynamic theme switching without rebuilding styles. Component styles should use Tailwind utility classes (bg-bg text-text) to automatically adapt to the active theme. A simple JavaScript function (document.documentElement.setAttribute("data-theme", theme)) can handle theme changes efficiently at runtime.
