user_stories/user_story_9_4_import_json.md, before:

---
title: 'Import Data from JSON'
type: 'user_story'
status: 'draft'
priority: 'Must'
---

# Import Data from JSON

## 📌 Description

Users should be able to restore their Life Compass data from a previously exported JSON file. This functionality will allow users to recover or transfer their data seamlessly.

## ✅ Acceptance Criteria

- A file selection dialog allows users to choose a JSON file for import.
- The application validates the JSON structure against a defined schema before importing the data.
- In case of invalid data, a clear error message is displayed to the user.
- Users receive feedback during the import process (e.g., progress indicator and/or confirmation upon successful import).
- The import functionality offers an option to either merge with the existing data or replace it entirely.
- An automatic backup of current data is created before performing the import, to prevent data loss.

## 🎯 Definition of Done

- Data is thoroughly validated against a defined JSON schema before being loaded into Local Storage.
- The system gracefully handles version differences between current data and the imported JSON, providing appropriate user notifications.
- The import process supports both merging new data and replacing existing data, based on user choice.
- Comprehensive testing has been performed, including edge cases for corrupted or incomplete files.
- Documentation is updated to include instructions for importing data and troubleshooting common issues.

## ❓ Refinement Questions

- How should we handle version mismatches between the current application data schema and the imported JSON file?
- Should the import process allow users to preview the data before confirming the import?
- What is the expected behavior if the imported file contains incomplete or unexpected fields?
- How should duplicate or conflicting data be managed during the import process?
- What security measures should be in place to validate, sanitize, and securely process the imported JSON file?
- Should the import process be fully asynchronous, and what kind of progress indicators or cancellation options should be provided?
- Are there any performance considerations when importing large JSON files, and how can these be mitigated?
- What specific user feedback should be provided in cases of errors, success, or partial import results?

Commit message:

docs: update refinement questions for JSON export and import user stories

user_stories/user_story_9_4_import_json.md, after:

---
title: 'Import Data from JSON'
type: 'user_story'
status: 'draft'
priority: 'Must'
---

# Import Data from JSON

## 📌 Description

Users should be able to restore their Life Compass data from a previously exported JSON file. This functionality will allow users to recover or transfer their data seamlessly.

## ✅ Acceptance Criteria

- A file selection dialog allows users to choose a JSON file for import.
- The application validates the JSON structure against a defined schema before importing the data.
- In case of invalid data, a clear error message is displayed to the user.
- Users receive feedback during the import process (e.g., progress indicator and/or confirmation upon successful import).
- The import functionality offers an option to either merge with the existing data or replace it entirely.
- An automatic backup of current data is created before performing the import, to prevent data loss.

## 🎯 Definition of Done

- Data is thoroughly validated against a defined JSON schema before being loaded into Local Storage.
- The system gracefully handles version differences between current data and the imported JSON, providing appropriate user notifications.
- The import process supports both merging new data and replacing existing data, based on user choice.
- Comprehensive testing has been performed, including edge cases for corrupted or incomplete files.
- Documentation is updated to include instructions for importing data and troubleshooting common issues.

## ❓ Refinement Questions

- How should we handle version mismatches between the current application data schema and the imported JSON file? Show a warning and make a best effort of importing the data anyway if the user agrees.
- Should the import process allow users to preview the data before confirming the import? Yes, at least on a summary level.
- What is the expected behavior if the imported file contains incomplete or unexpected fields? Ignore unexpected fields and use default values for incomplete fields. Show a warning for these conditions if they occur.
- How should duplicate or conflicting data be managed during the import process? Do not import duplicates. Provide user feedback that duplicates were removed.
- What security measures should be in place to validate, sanitize, and securely process the imported JSON file? It should at least check for valid json.
- Should the import process be fully asynchronous, and what kind of progress indicators or cancellation options should be provided? The datasets are so small so they can be synchronous.
- Are there any performance considerations when importing large JSON files, and how can these be mitigated? No.
- What specific user feedback should be provided in cases of errors, success, or partial import results? The user must be made aware of all errors or warnings that occur during import.
