user_stories/user_story_5_1_define_design_principles.md, before:

---
title: 'Define Design Principles'
type: 'user_story'
status: 'draft'
priority: 'Must'
---

# Define Design Principles

## 📌 Description

The application should follow a clear and consistent design system to ensure a smooth user experience. This user story focuses on establishing the design principles that guide color schemes, typography, layout, interactions, and accessibility. A well-defined design system will contribute to both usability and performance across devices.

## ✅ Acceptance Criteria

- A design document is created that outlines the color palette, typography, layout guidelines, and interaction principles.
- The design document addresses accessibility requirements (e.g., WCAG 2.1 compliance) and user preferences such as dark mode.
- The design principles are reviewed by stakeholders and are easily referenced by both development and design teams.
- A prototype or mockup is developed to demonstrate applying these principles across key pages and UI components.

## 🎯 Definition of Done

- The design document is complete and approved by all relevant stakeholders.
- At least one prototype or style guide is developed showcasing the application of these principles.
- The design principles are accessible to the development team and incorporated into the codebase via guidelines or a component library.
- Testing strategies for accessibility, responsiveness, and performance are outlined and scheduled.

## ❓ Refinement Questions

- How do we ensure accessibility compliance (e.g., adherence to WCAG 2.1 standards) within our design principles? According to best-practices.
- Should dark mode be implemented as an option, and if so, what are the specific color scheme and contrast requirements? Yes, implement dark mode.
- What key UI components (e.g., buttons, forms, cards) should be prioritized for detailed design guidelines in this document? Cards, buttons and forms.
- Would stakeholders prefer to see prototype/mockups for key pages (such as the landing page and main dashboard) as part of the design document? Yes.
- Are there any performance considerations (for instance, minimal resource usage in transitions and animations) that should be factored into these principles? Not at this point.
- How should the design guidelines be documented and distributed to ensure consistency across design and development teams? Document in CONVENTIONS.md and create example pages/views/components.
- Should we include design tokens (e.g., for colors, spacing, typography) as part of the design system? If so, what standards should these adhere to?
- What responsive breakpoints should be defined to ensure optimal layout across various devices?

Commit message:

docs: update design principles in user story 5.1 with suggestions for design tokens and responsive breakpoints

user_stories/user_story_5_1_define_design_principles.md, after:

---
title: 'Define Design Principles'
type: 'user_story'
status: 'draft'
priority: 'Must'
---

# Define Design Principles

## 📌 Description

The application should follow a clear and consistent design system to ensure a smooth user experience. This user story focuses on establishing the design principles that guide color schemes, typography, layout, interactions, and accessibility. A well-defined design system will contribute to both usability and performance across devices.

## ✅ Acceptance Criteria

- A design document is created that outlines the color palette, typography, layout guidelines, and interaction principles.
- The design document addresses accessibility requirements (e.g., WCAG 2.1 compliance) and user preferences such as dark mode.
- The design principles are reviewed by stakeholders and are easily referenced by both development and design teams.
- A prototype or mockup is developed to demonstrate applying these principles across key pages and UI components.

## 🎯 Definition of Done

- The design document is complete and approved by all relevant stakeholders.
- At least one prototype or style guide is developed showcasing the application of these principles.
- The design principles are accessible to the development team and incorporated into the codebase via guidelines or a component library.
- Testing strategies for accessibility, responsiveness, and performance are outlined and scheduled.

## ❓ Refinement Questions

- How do we ensure accessibility compliance (e.g., adherence to WCAG 2.1 standards) within our design principles? According to best-practices.
- Should dark mode be implemented as an option, and if so, what are the specific color scheme and contrast requirements? Yes, implement dark mode.
- What key UI components (e.g., buttons, forms, cards) should be prioritized for detailed design guidelines in this document? Cards, buttons and forms.
- Would stakeholders prefer to see prototype/mockups for key pages (such as the landing page and main dashboard) as part of the design document? Yes.
- Are there any performance considerations (for instance, minimal resource usage in transitions and animations) that should be factored into these principles? Not at this point.
- How should the design guidelines be documented and distributed to ensure consistency across design and development teams? Document in CONVENTIONS.md and create example pages/views/components.
- Should we include design tokens (e.g., for colors, spacing, typography) as part of the design system? If so, what standards should these adhere to? I don't know as I'm not familiar with design. Give me your best suggestion based on best-practices for a small project like this.
- What responsive breakpoints should be defined to ensure optimal layout across various devices? Use tailwind defaults.
