docs/technology_decisions.md, before:

# Technology Decisions & Strategy

## 1. Frontend Stack

### Chosen Framework: React 19 with TypeScript
- **Reasoning:** React 19 provides a component-based architecture that scales well with future expansions. TypeScript ensures type safety and maintainability.
- **Alternative Considerations:** Svelte, Solid.js, or Vue were considered but React was chosen due to ecosystem maturity and compatibility with libraries.
- **Versioning:** We will always use the latest versions of frameworks and libraries at the time of writing.

### Styling: Tailwind CSS v4
- **Reasoning:** Tailwind CSS v4 offers a utility-first approach that enhances maintainability and avoids context switching between stylesheets and components.
- **Alternative Considerations:** Styled-components, Emotion, and vanilla CSS were considered, but Tailwind’s rapid development experience and performance benefits made it the best choice.

## 2. Data Storage Strategy

### Phase 1: Local Storage (MVP)
- **Reasoning:** Simple key-value storage makes it easy to iterate quickly while ensuring the application runs entirely client-side for privacy.
- **Implementation:**
  ```typescript
  localStorage.setItem("userData", JSON.stringify(data));
  const storedData = JSON.parse(localStorage.getItem("userData") || "{}" );
  ```
- **Limitations:** Local Storage is synchronous, has limited capacity (~5MB), and lacks querying capabilities.

### Phase 2: Migration to IndexedDB
- **Reasoning:** As the application scales, IndexedDB provides structured object storage with better read/write performance and asynchronous operations.
- **Implementation Strategy:**
  - Detect if IndexedDB is available.
  - If migration is needed, move data from Local Storage to IndexedDB seamlessly.
  - Implement an abstraction layer to switch between storage methods without disrupting functionality.
- **Sample Transition Code:**
  ```typescript
  if (window.indexedDB) {
    // Migrate from Local Storage to IndexedDB
  }
  ```

## 3. Development Principles

### Architecture Guidelines
- **Component-based design:** Keep UI elements modular and reusable.
- **State Management:** Zustand (lightweight alternative to Redux) is used for global state.
- **Routing:** React Router handles navigation.

### Code Quality & Best Practices
- **Linting & Formatting:** ESLint & Prettier ensure consistent code quality.
- **Testing:**
  - Unit Tests: Vitest
  - Integration Tests: @testing-library/react
  - End-to-End Tests: Playwright
- **Version Control:** Git with clear commit messages and feature branching.

## 4. Future Considerations
- **Offline Support:** Service Workers could be added for caching.
- **Cloud Synchronization:** Future versions may integrate a backend for cloud storage (optional feature).
- **Accessibility & UX:** Ensure mobile-first design with ARIA attributes and keyboard navigation.

## Summary
- **MVP starts with Local Storage for simplicity.**
- **IndexedDB will replace Local Storage when scalability is needed.**
- **React 19 + Tailwind CSS v4 is the chosen frontend stack.**
- **We will always use the latest stable versions of frameworks and libraries.**
- **Code quality is enforced through linters, testing, and best practices.**

This document serves as a foundation for technology decisions and will evolve as the project grows.

Commit message:

docs: add component-based architecture section with next steps

docs/technology_decisions.md, after:

# Technology Decisions & Strategy

## 1. Frontend Stack

### Chosen Framework: React 19 with TypeScript
- **Reasoning:** React 19 provides a component-based architecture that scales well with future expansions. TypeScript ensures type safety and maintainability.
- **Alternative Considerations:** Svelte, Solid.js, or Vue were considered but React was chosen due to ecosystem maturity and compatibility with libraries.
- **Versioning:** We will always use the latest versions of frameworks and libraries at the time of writing.

### Styling: Tailwind CSS v4
- **Reasoning:** Tailwind CSS v4 offers a utility-first approach that enhances maintainability and avoids context switching between stylesheets and components.
- **Alternative Considerations:** Styled-components, Emotion, and vanilla CSS were considered, but Tailwind’s rapid development experience and performance benefits made it the best choice.

## 2. Data Storage Strategy

### Phase 1: Local Storage (MVP)
- **Reasoning:** Simple key-value storage makes it easy to iterate quickly while ensuring the application runs entirely client-side for privacy.
- **Implementation:**
  ```typescript
  localStorage.setItem("userData", JSON.stringify(data));
  const storedData = JSON.parse(localStorage.getItem("userData") || "{}" );
  ```
- **Limitations:** Local Storage is synchronous, has limited capacity (~5MB), and lacks querying capabilities.

### Phase 2: Migration to IndexedDB
- **Reasoning:** As the application scales, IndexedDB provides structured object storage with better read/write performance and asynchronous operations.
- **Implementation Strategy:**
  - Detect if IndexedDB is available.
  - If migration is needed, move data from Local Storage to IndexedDB seamlessly.
  - Implement an abstraction layer to switch between storage methods without disrupting functionality.
- **Sample Transition Code:**
  ```typescript
  if (window.indexedDB) {
    // Migrate from Local Storage to IndexedDB
  }
  ```

## 3. Development Principles

### Architecture Guidelines
- **Component-based design:** Keep UI elements modular and reusable. We are adopting a component-based pattern where components represent self-contained, reusable parts of the UI. This approach supports better maintainability and scalability.
- **State Management:** Zustand (lightweight alternative to Redux) is used for global state.
- **Routing:** React Router handles navigation.

### Component-based Architecture
- **Documentation & Structure:**  
  - This component-based pattern is documented in this file to stress its importance in our application design.  
  - The codebase should be structured with a clear separation between reusable UI components, page-level components, utilities, hooks, and state management.  
  - Use the following folder structure as a guideline:
    ```
    life_compass/
    │── src/
    │   ├── components/  # Reusable UI components
    │   ├── pages/       # Page-specific components
    │   ├── utils/       # Helper functions and utilities
    │   ├── hooks/       # Custom React hooks (if applicable)
    │   ├── state/       # Zustand/Redux/Context API state management
    │   ├── assets/      # Images, icons, styles
    │   ├── tests/       # Unit and integration tests
    ```
- **Next Steps:**
  - Begin refactoring or building new UI elements into discrete, reusable components.
  - Ensure each component is self-contained and communicates with other parts of the application through well-defined interfaces.
  - Adopt and enforce this pattern consistently across new code additions.

### Code Quality & Best Practices
- **Linting & Formatting:** ESLint & Prettier ensure consistent code quality.
- **Testing:**
  - Unit Tests: Vitest
  - Integration Tests: @testing-library/react
  - End-to-End Tests: Playwright
- **Version Control:** Git with clear commit messages and feature branching.

## 4. Future Considerations
- **Offline Support:** Service Workers could be added for caching.
- **Cloud Synchronization:** Future versions may integrate a backend for cloud storage (optional feature).
- **Accessibility & UX:** Ensure mobile-first design with ARIA attributes and keyboard navigation.

## Summary
- **MVP starts with Local Storage for simplicity.**
- **IndexedDB will replace Local Storage when scalability is needed.**
- **React 19 + Tailwind CSS v4 is the chosen frontend stack.**
- **We will always use the latest stable versions of frameworks and libraries.**
- **Our code quality is enforced through linters, testing, and best practices.**
- **We adopt a component-based architecture to promote modularity and reusability.**
